[Alerting V2][Serverless & 9.5][M2] Fixes TOC and unhides alerting v2 pages/content (#7324)
elastic/docs-content: explore-analyze/alerting/alerts.md

{{kib}} alerting is the built-in alerting system in {{kib}}. It lets you define rules that check your data on a schedule, create alerts when conditions are met, and trigger actions through connectors (email, Slack, webhooks, and more). It is available on all deployments.

:::{note}
:applies_to: {"stack": "experimental 9.5+", "serverless": "experimental"}
To learn about the {{alerting-v2-system}} built on {{esql}}, refer to the [{{alerting-v2-system-cap}} overview](system-overview.md).
::::

:::{important}

> In the generally available {{kib}} alerting system, the term *alert* refers to a tracked occurrence of a rule condition. In the {{alerting-v2-system}}, the equivalent concept is called an *alert episode*. The two terms describe similar ideas in different systems and are not interchangeable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the original {{kib}} alerting system, the term *alert* refers to a tracked occurrence of a rule condition. In the {{alerting-v2-system}}, the equivalent concept is called an *alert episode*. The two terms describe similar ideas in different systems and are not interchangeable.
```

maybe call it V1 or the original alerting system to avoid having to rewrite this when v2 goes GA?

Author: There's [plans](https://github.com/elastic/docs-content/pull/6521#discussion_r3515465762) to rename this to the "classic alerting" or something similar. That discussion is pending, so resolving for now.

Reviewer: 🚀
